com/example/eshelf/databinding/FragmentSecond2Binding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.FragmentSecond2Binding
com/example/eshelf/databinding/ContentCadastrarBinding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.ContentCadastrarBinding
com/example/eshelf/MenuFragment.java
 com.example.eshelf.MenuFragment
com/example/eshelf/iniciar.java
 com.example.eshelf.iniciar
 com.example.eshelf.iniciar$1
com/example/eshelf/Acao.java
 com.example.eshelf.Acao
com/example/eshelf/databinding/ActivityIniciarBinding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.ActivityIniciarBinding
com/example/eshelf/MainActivity.java
 com.example.eshelf.MainActivity
com/example/eshelf/databinding/ContentIniciarBinding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.ContentIniciarBinding
com/example/eshelf/ShopFragment.java
 com.example.eshelf.ShopFragment
com/example/eshelf/Endereco.java
 com.example.eshelf.Endereco
com/example/eshelf/databinding/FragmentShopBinding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.FragmentShopBinding
com/example/eshelf/Cadastrar.java
 com.example.eshelf.Cadastrar
com/example/eshelf/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/eshelf/Usuario.java
 com.example.eshelf.Usuario
com/example/eshelf/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.eshelf.SecondFragment
 com.example.eshelf.SecondFragment$1
com/example/eshelf/Second2Fragment.java
 com.example.eshelf.Second2Fragment
 com.example.eshelf.Second2Fragment$1
com/example/eshelf/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/eshelf/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/eshelf/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.eshelf.BuildConfig
com/example/eshelf/Livro.java
 com.example.eshelf.Livro
com/example/eshelf/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.eshelf.FirstFragment
 com.example.eshelf.FirstFragment$1
com/example/eshelf/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/eshelf/DBHelper.java
 com.example.eshelf.DBHelper
com/example/eshelf/databinding/ActivityCadastrarBinding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.ActivityCadastrarBinding
com/example/eshelf/databinding/FragmentMenuBinding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.FragmentMenuBinding
com/example/eshelf/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.eshelf.HomeFragment
com/example/eshelf/databinding/FragmentFirst2Binding.java
 com.example.eshelf.databinding.FragmentFirst2Binding
com/example/eshelf/First2Fragment.java
 com.example.eshelf.First2Fragment
 com.example.eshelf.First2Fragment$1
